Add troubleshooting for auth timeout (#5)
FirebaseExtended/make-it-so-angular: README.md

      * Delete references to `generativelanguage.googleapis.com`, including the
        `google_service_usage_consumer_quota_override` resource entry in `main.tf`.

## Troubleshooting

```
Error when reading or editing Project "<project-id>": Get "https://cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/v1/projects/<project-id>?alt=json&prettyPrint=false":
compute: Received 500
```

> This is because authentication timed-out. To resolve,
> 
> 1. Open a new terminal
> 1. Run `terraform apply --auto-approve` in the terminal, click continue when prompted again to login
> 1. Wait till the command completes
> 1. Reload the web preview if necessary
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error happens because authentication has timed-out. Here's how to resolve it:

1.  In Project IDX, open a new terminal.
1.  In the terminal, run `terraform apply --auto-approve`, and then click continue when prompted to log in.
1.  Wait until the command completes.
1.  Reload the web preview, if necessary.

```
